KEB: configure kyma version per GA ID (#132)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-08-kyma-versions.md

---
title: Configure Kyma version
type: Details
---

> Kyma Environment Broker is configured with a default Kyma version specified in the **APP_KYMA_VERSION** environment variable. This means, that each Kyma Runtime provisioned by the Kyma Environment Broker in a given global account, is installed in the default Kyma version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Environment Broker is configured with a default Kyma version specified in the **APP_KYMA_VERSION** environment variable. This means that each Kyma Runtime provisioned by Kyma Environment Broker in a given global account is installed in the default Kyma version.
```

You can also specify a different Kyma version for a global account using a ConfigMap. See the example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: kyma-versions
  namespace: "kcp-system"
data:

>   3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae: "1.15-rc1"

Reviewer 2: There's a 404 from github if you put 1.15-rc1 into the config map 
```suggestion
  3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae: "1.15.0-rc1"
```

```

This ConfigMap contains a default version for a global account. The **3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae** parameter is a global account ID, and the value is the Kyma version specified for this global account.

You can also specify a Kyma version using the **kymaVersion** provisioning parameter, for example:

```bash
   export VERSION=1.15
   curl --request PUT "https://$BROKER_URL/oauth/v2/service_instances/$INSTANCE_ID?accepts_incomplete=true" \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14' \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --data-raw "{
       \"service_id\": \"47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281\",
       \"plan_id\": \"4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c\",
       \"context\": {
           \"globalaccount_id\": \"$GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID\"
       },
       \"parameters\": {
           \"name\": \"$NAME\",
           \"kymaVersion\": \"$VERSION"
       }
   }"
```
The **kymaVersion** provisioning parameter overrides the default settings.

> This feature is enabled by the **APP_ENABLE_ON_DEMAND_VERSION** environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, set the **APP_ENABLE_ON_DEMAND_VERSION** environment variable to `true`.
```

  namespace: "kcp-system"
data:
  3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae: "1.15-rc1"
```

The ConfigMap contains default versions for Global Account. The key is a Global Account ID, the value is the version.
If the global account is not configured in the ConfigMap, the default value set by APP_KYMA_VERSION environment variable is be used.

A user can also specify Kyma version using a provisioning parameter `kymaVersion`, for example:

```bash
   export VERSION=1.15
   curl --request PUT "https://$BROKER_URL/oauth/v2/service_instances/$INSTANCE_ID?accepts_incomplete=true" \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14' \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --data-raw "{
       \"service_id\": \"47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281\",
       \"plan_id\": \"4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c\",
       \"context\": {
           \"globalaccount_id\": \"$GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID\"
       },
       \"parameters\": {
           \"name\": \"$NAME\",
           \"kymaVersion\": \"$VERSION"
       }
   }"
```
The `kymaVersion` provisioning parameter overrides settings described before.

> This feature is enabled by the APP_ENABLE_ON_DEMAND_VERSION environment variable.

Reviewer: Does it mean you have to set this parameter to `true` to specify the **kymaVersion** parameter?

> This feature is enabled by the APP_ENABLE_ON_DEMAND_VERSION environment variable.

Reviewer: If yes, change the last sentence to:
```
To enable this feature, set the **APP_ENABLE_ON_DEMAND_VERSION** environment variable to `true`.
```
